Docker (#12)
Rubix98/algodebug: README.md

# AlgoDebug

> Algodebug is a tool for debugging source code provided by user by visualizing its operation. This is a tool designed primarily for people working with algorithmics or students. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Algodebug is a tool designed for debugging user provided source code through visualization of its operations. It was created primarily for people working with algorithmics and computer science students.
```

Reviewer: wydaje mi się że lepiej to brzmi
